this distance
this
to be our necklace we are going to
need a bit of youtube too
lace pearl crystals or whatever
who want to use to decorate the necklace
we are also going to use a button or some
something they have to close it
thread needle and also some scissors that
it's not written out there but if we're going to
use a start piece like
generally the cloth houses the
chiquititos remains that they
he is alone in riding quite cheap
so find out and take advantage of
find in any offer or other option
if they do not have any delicious recipes
There are already many places where they sell
with small sprigs of liquid that
Use to decorate necklines to undertake
another option is this system never rang
in a first that you have controlled with
memory we like very much after
escocer and used for this necklace or is
make no fuss look to see what can
be good in my case I had this
hippie piece what I did was
cut out a shape that has more or less
necklace shape
well now the decorating part comes
Our is necklace with crystals first
I'm just going to support you as
see what design I like the most before
sew here be creative try
quite young it is not necessary that they leave
to the letter the drawing of the ball
with giving him some creativity and
imagination that there is no problem
Encourage yourself to put enough crystals
Collars are used a lot as well as
big and full of things so
put everything good is the only
caution that they have to have is nothing
do not put crystallites floating on me
air
notice that all the little fishes that
put can be known in the place in
where they are putting it like this is the only
caution I think about creating and
try it once they come up with a design
that more or less they like and they
convince him take a little picture and we started
to sew
in addition to cost the truth
difficult is not the only thing that requires a
little bit of patience if it's going to take them
a little bit of time to finish things
absolutely all the crystals because
choose to cost and not for example to paste that
It would be faster because women
we have a tendency to get bored
the accessories pretty fast
so good when you get bored
of the necklace if the crystallites
I consider all they have to do
is to listen to them if it is very easy and the
crystallites will be in tact if
ready to use them for something else and
this way they are going to save a lot of money
so good put on things that the
long really worth it
to finish grab these two bits
in lace that was quite thick and
firm and it will serve me to harass the
cut two pieces of the desired length
and I knew each one of the extremes
of the sack
to finish with an oil button in
one end and I made a small pull on the
another extreme and in this way we are left
the stroller closed and finished
yes
true
all right
do not
nothing
i